DEPLOYMENT_SUCCESS.md, before:

# 🎉 RGB Documentation Successfully Deployed!

**Date:** January 17, 2026, 06:48 UTC
**Repository:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
**Live Site:** https://rgb-docs.github.io (deploying now)

## Deployment Summary

### Repository Created
✅ Successfully created repository in rgb-docs organization
✅ Pushed 72 files with 57,086 lines of code/documentation
✅ GitHub Actions workflow triggered automatically

### Current Status
🔄 **Deploy to GitHub Pages** - In Progress
🔄 **pages build and deployment** - In Progress

The site is currently building. Check deployment status:
```bash
gh run list -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

Or view the running workflow:
```bash
gh run view -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

## What Was Deployed

### Documentation Statistics
- **Total Files:** 72 (46 markdown documentation files)
- **Total Lines:** 57,086 lines
- **Content:** ~25,000+ lines of technical documentation
- **Code Examples:** 60+ real implementations
- **Complete Workflows:** 15+ end-to-end scenarios

### Major Sections
1. ✅ **AluVM Virtual Machine** (3 files, ~2,000 lines)
2. ✅ **RGB CLI Reference** (1 file, 2,149 lines)
3. ✅ **RGB Standard Library** (4 files, ~3,160 lines)
4. ✅ **Contract Lifecycle** (1 file, 948 lines)
5. ✅ **RGB21 NFT Documentation** (3 files, 3,483 lines)
6. ✅ **Bitcoin Commitments** (4 files, 4,998 lines)
7. ✅ **Development Guides** (4 files, 9,579 lines)
8. ✅ **Core Concepts** (multiple files, ~2,000 lines)
9. ✅ **Getting Started** (4 files)
10. ✅ **Technical Reference** (10+ files)

### Technical Details
- **Framework:** Docusaurus 3
- **Theme:** Custom RGB-branded (purple/blue gradient)
- **Build System:** GitHub Actions
- **Deployment:** GitHub Pages
- **Source Repositories Analyzed:** 6 (rgb-core, rgb-std, aluvm, rgb CLI, rgb-schemata, strict-types)
- **Analysis Depth:** 400,000+ tokens of code analysis

## Next Steps

### 1. Monitor Deployment (Current)
The GitHub Actions workflow is building the site. This typically takes 2-3 minutes.

Monitor progress:
```bash
gh run watch -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

### 2. Verify Live Site
Once deployment completes, visit:
- **Main site:** https://rgb-docs.github.io
- **Deployment logs:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io/actions

### 3. Optional Enhancements
- Add Lightning integration documentation (3 files, currently stubs)
- Create workflow diagrams/visualizations
- Add video tutorials
- Set up custom domain (if desired)
- Enable discussions/feedback

### 4. Maintenance
- Monitor for issues via GitHub Issues
- Accept community contributions via Pull Requests
- Update as RGB protocol evolves

## Repository Structure

```
rgb-docs.github.io/
├── .github/workflows/
│   └── deploy.yml          # GitHub Actions deployment
├── docs/                   # All documentation
│   ├── getting-started/
│   ├── core-concepts/
│   ├── guides/
│   └── technical-reference/
├── src/                    # Docusaurus theme
├── static/                 # Images and assets
├── docusaurus.config.ts    # Site configuration
├── sidebars.ts            # Navigation structure
└── package.json           # Dependencies

Total: 72 files, 57,086 lines
```

## Commit Information

**Commit Hash:** a5ce69d
**Branch:** main
**Message:** Initial RGB v0.12 Technical Documentation

## Credits

**Documentation Development:** Claude Code
**Codebase Analysis:** 8 parallel agents analyzing 6 RGB repositories
**Total Effort:** ~400,000 tokens of code analysis + comprehensive documentation expansion
**Based On:** Actual RGB v0.12 implementation code

## Resources

- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
- **Live Documentation:** https://rgb-docs.github.io
- **RGB Protocol:** https://rgb.tech
- **Source Code:** https://github.com/RGB-WG/

---

**Status:** 🚀 **DEPLOYED AND BUILDING!**

Check back in 2-3 minutes for the live site at https://rgb-docs.github.io

Commit message:

Update deployment status - site is live

DEPLOYMENT_SUCCESS.md, after:

# 🎉 RGB Documentation Successfully Deployed!

**Date:** January 17, 2026, 06:48 UTC
**Repository:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
**Live Site:** https://rgb-docs.github.io (deploying now)

## Deployment Summary

### Repository Created
✅ Successfully created repository in rgb-docs organization
✅ Pushed 72 files with 57,086 lines of code/documentation
✅ GitHub Actions workflow triggered automatically

### Current Status
✅ **Deploy to GitHub Pages** - SUCCESS (completed at 06:55 UTC)
✅ **Site is LIVE** - https://rgb-docs.github.io

The site has been successfully deployed and is now accessible!
```bash
gh run list -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

Or view the running workflow:
```bash
gh run view -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

## What Was Deployed

### Documentation Statistics
- **Total Files:** 72 (46 markdown documentation files)
- **Total Lines:** 57,086 lines
- **Content:** ~25,000+ lines of technical documentation
- **Code Examples:** 60+ real implementations
- **Complete Workflows:** 15+ end-to-end scenarios

### Major Sections
1. ✅ **AluVM Virtual Machine** (3 files, ~2,000 lines)
2. ✅ **RGB CLI Reference** (1 file, 2,149 lines)
3. ✅ **RGB Standard Library** (4 files, ~3,160 lines)
4. ✅ **Contract Lifecycle** (1 file, 948 lines)
5. ✅ **RGB21 NFT Documentation** (3 files, 3,483 lines)
6. ✅ **Bitcoin Commitments** (4 files, 4,998 lines)
7. ✅ **Development Guides** (4 files, 9,579 lines)
8. ✅ **Core Concepts** (multiple files, ~2,000 lines)
9. ✅ **Getting Started** (4 files)
10. ✅ **Technical Reference** (10+ files)

### Technical Details
- **Framework:** Docusaurus 3
- **Theme:** Custom RGB-branded (purple/blue gradient)
- **Build System:** GitHub Actions
- **Deployment:** GitHub Pages
- **Source Repositories Analyzed:** 6 (rgb-core, rgb-std, aluvm, rgb CLI, rgb-schemata, strict-types)
- **Analysis Depth:** 400,000+ tokens of code analysis

## Next Steps

### 1. Monitor Deployment (Current)
The GitHub Actions workflow is building the site. This typically takes 2-3 minutes.

Monitor progress:
```bash
gh run watch -R rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
```

### 2. Verify Live Site
Once deployment completes, visit:
- **Main site:** https://rgb-docs.github.io
- **Deployment logs:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io/actions

### 3. Optional Enhancements
- Add Lightning integration documentation (3 files, currently stubs)
- Create workflow diagrams/visualizations
- Add video tutorials
- Set up custom domain (if desired)
- Enable discussions/feedback

### 4. Maintenance
- Monitor for issues via GitHub Issues
- Accept community contributions via Pull Requests
- Update as RGB protocol evolves

## Repository Structure

```
rgb-docs.github.io/
├── .github/workflows/
│   └── deploy.yml          # GitHub Actions deployment
├── docs/                   # All documentation
│   ├── getting-started/
│   ├── core-concepts/
│   ├── guides/
│   └── technical-reference/
├── src/                    # Docusaurus theme
├── static/                 # Images and assets
├── docusaurus.config.ts    # Site configuration
├── sidebars.ts            # Navigation structure
└── package.json           # Dependencies

Total: 72 files, 57,086 lines
```

## Commit Information

**Initial Commit:** a5ce69d - Initial RGB v0.12 Technical Documentation
**Fix Commit 1:** f51d703 - Fix MDX compilation errors (4 files)
**Fix Commit 2:** be81c4b - Fix MDX JSX expression error in CLI docs
**Branch:** main
**Status:** Deployed and Live

### Deployment Fixes Applied

Three commits were needed to successfully deploy:

1. **Initial deployment** (a5ce69d) - Failed due to MDX syntax errors
2. **MDX compilation fixes** (f51d703):
   - Fixed `<1 ms` → "Less than 1 ms" (overview.md)
   - Fixed `Contract<S, P>` heading → moved to text (rust-sdk.md)
   - Fixed `<64KB` → "less than 64KB" (creating-nfts.md, metadata-attachments.md)
3. **JSX expression fix** (be81c4b):
   - Escaped `{codex}` → `\{codex\}` in CLI docs to prevent variable reference error

## Credits

**Documentation Development:** Claude Code
**Codebase Analysis:** 8 parallel agents analyzing 6 RGB repositories
**Total Effort:** ~400,000 tokens of code analysis + comprehensive documentation expansion
**Based On:** Actual RGB v0.12 implementation code

## Resources

- **GitHub Repository:** https://github.com/rgb-docs/rgb-docs.github.io
- **Live Documentation:** https://rgb-docs.github.io
- **RGB Protocol:** https://rgb.tech
- **Source Code:** https://github.com/RGB-WG/

---

**Status:** 🚀 **DEPLOYED AND BUILDING!**

Check back in 2-3 minutes for the live site at https://rgb-docs.github.io
